(relaxing music)
(relaxing music continues)
♪ I heard that you're settled down ♪
♪ That you found a girl ♪
♪ And you're married now ♪
♪ I heard that your dreams came true ♪
♪ Guess she gave you things ♪
♪ I didn't give to you ♪
♪ Old friend, why are you so shy ♪
♪ Ain't like you to hold back ♪
♪ Or hide from the light ♪
♪ I hate to turn up out
of the blue, uninvited ♪
♪ But I couldn't stay away ♪
♪ I couldn't fight it ♪
♪ I had hoped you'd see my face ♪
♪ And that you'd be reminded ♪
♪ That for me it isn't over ♪
♪ Never mind, I'll find someone like you ♪
♪ I wish nothing but
the best for you, too ♪
♪ Don't forget me I beg ♪
♪ I remember you said ♪
♪ Sometimes it lasts in love ♪
♪ But sometimes it hurts instead ♪
♪ You know how the time flies ♪
♪ Only yesterday was
the time of our lives ♪
♪ We were born and
raised in a summer haze ♪
♪ Bound by the surprise
of our glory days ♪
♪ I hate to turn up out
of the blue, uninvited ♪
♪ But I couldn't stay
away, I couldn't fight it ♪
♪ I had hoped you'd see my face ♪
♪ And that you'd be reminded ♪
♪ That for me it isn't over ♪
♪ Never mind, I'll find someone like you ♪
♪ I wish nothing but
the best for you, too ♪
♪ Don't forget me, I begged ♪
♪ I remember you said ♪
♪ Sometimes it lasts in love ♪
♪ But sometimes it hurts instead ♪
♪ Nothing compares, no worries or cares ♪
♪ Regrets and mistakes,
they're memories made ♪
♪ Who would have known ♪
♪ How bittersweet this would taste ♪
♪ Never mind, I'll find someone like you ♪
♪ I wish nothing but the best for you ♪
♪ Don't forget me, I beg ♪
♪ I remember you said ♪
♪ Sometimes it lasts in love ♪
♪ But sometimes it hurts instead ♪
♪ Never mind, I'll find someone like you ♪
♪ I wish nothing but
the best for you, too ♪
♪ Don't forget me, I begged ♪
♪ I remember you said ♪
♪ Sometimes it lasts in love ♪
♪ But sometimes it hurts instead ♪
(relaxing music continues)